why is my business running down?

 Zero concentration
    Lack of savings
    uncontentment
    
    How do i fix this problems?
    
    read this, the solution is in your hand.
    
    Uncontentment?
    
This is a spirit whereby it manifest over people and make them loose there business,we know life is about competition, be satisfied with what you have. A wholesaler and a retailer, a wholesaler are those who sells in bulk while a retailer are those who sells in a bit to the final-consumer. X is a wholesaler, Y is a retailer, X sells in bulk and ordered for new stock everyday, Y sells in a small quantity and ordered for goods once in a month, X shop as been founded in the year 2000, Y shop as been founded in the year 2010.

 X was once a retailer before X became a wholesaler, Y as been planning to move like X, but is not Y time to do that, Y tried all possible best to do that, Y went to a loan office to borrow loan that is more than it's expectation, Y manage to borrow the loan and now a wholesaler and sells in bulk,when is time to pay back 50% of the loan, Y bussiness is not well function like before, is business began to ruin till it became worst is bussiness as run down finally to the fact that it is empty. This is what is happening to many of the bussiness holder today.
 
                     SECOND TOPIC
                   
 Zero concentration?
 
what do we mean by zero concentration; at times when we start making huge amount of money in our businesses, we have no mindset of restoring another stock, we keep focusing on how bigger it will be in the next one day, we have many people today who have fall a victim in this process.

                      FINAL
                      
  
        Lack of savings?

   Hmmmm!, many people are passing through this process till today. Don't joke with your business, opportunity comes once, once is gone, that's the end, how do you manage to save?
have you forgotten the chain of distribution:(manufacturer/producer —> wholesaler —> retailer    —> Final consumer). A manufacturer/producer produce a wall clock, which cost him the sum of $2 for the materials and he produce about ten thousand (10,000) wall clock in total and distribute them for the sum of $5 per one wall clock, he made a profit of $30,000 for the whole ten thousand(10,000) wall clock he produced,he produced five hundred (500) wall clock per day,he decide to save $15,000 and pay his workers $10,000 and use the remaining $5,000 for expenses and liabilities.

How much did he gain per wall clock? it is obvious that his profit is $3 per wall clock. 
Now tell me with this kind of bussiness can't he survive, he will surely survive and his business will grow bigger and better to the extence that at the end of the day the business will last longer for everlasting.    

     With these stated above, it can help you start a new life.
     
          STEPS IN MAKING A VIDEO GO VIRAL
          
     How do i make my video go viral and earn money from my content?
     
     
          Create a standard video of 1080p video quality that will attract the audience.
          
    Make sure you reply to few audience during the comments
    create a live video, atleast twice in a week.
    
    Create a video that will encourage the audience to watch more.
    Don't forget to link your payment method.
    
    Complete every credentials that is required to reach the payout i.e monetization.
    
    with all these orientation listed above, if you are just starting, i ensure you start with this process, i wish you best of luck.
                  